Hello to the company of lies continues
replenish the line of their smartphones all
new and new solutions after release
flagship lg g4 traditionally steel
appear in a simplified version of lg g4
the stylus is just one of them
and all the details about the new product you will find out
only in the mobile review on the mob
drive.ru unfortunately this time
picking to introduce you not
It will be due to the absence of a box with
dax and came sample for the press and therefore
we will go straight to the force case
parts of us are waiting for plastic as
base body or lid slightly
perforated allowing smartphone
lie confidently in your hand and not
slips out
control layout
standard for all smartphones lg
this is the central power button
unlock and toggle buttons
volume on the edges of the resolution
the camera was 8 megapixels and in
help is provided double
LED flash and laser for
as fast as possible precise focusing
bottom speaker is located on the top
faces of the smartphone there was a place for three
sleep millimeter connectors for
headphones and a second microphone for
noise reduction
as well as the stylus bottom carries
micro usb port and main microphone for
making calls to the left right
faces nothing back cover removable
as the battery capacity of 3000
milliampere hours
there are also two SIM card slots
and micro sd card slot
Supports up to 32 gigabytes
the front of us is waiting for the peephole
5 megapixel camera conversational
speaker and display measuring 5.7 inches with
resolution of 1,280 by 720 pixels at
density at 258 now when reject
display fading is not seen brightness
more than worthy of the color juicy with
good contrast quality reserve
operating system performs android
and the shell is its own
development from lg
inside installed eight
mediatek mt6592 processor
running at 1 and 4
gigahertz
graphics quality used
graphic accelerator mali 450 tempo and
1 gigabyte of RAM
built- in volume
go 8 gigabytes but as mentioned
it can be expanded earlier
another 32 gigabytes in synthetic
test antutu benchmark smartphone confidently
scored 30 thousand three hundred eighty six
points but in graphic epic 200
citadel mode at least quality
maximum available indicator
stopped at 57.8 fps and in
total problems with daily
exploitation you will not be here with
games have to be content
average graphics settings and in
some rare high cases
important distinctive feature
is the availability of pen
input
gone very compact hiding in the body
smartphone and not actually noticeable when
daily operation of the gadget we
Of course, those are still artists, but even with
in this scenario, the convenience became obvious
after the first 15 minutes of dating
all worked out with a bang force pressing
on the spot and the possibilities even
standard application more than
enough to satisfy
desire to draw something on the go
sous world we get quality
assembled smartphone on average price
range while not cheated
exclusive feature as a stylus
also do not forget to save at all
Iron solutions need to measure if
similar format and most importantly size
you do not scare but rather attract
You can think about buying and we in our
queue can call
lg g4 the stylus is now one of the most
best phablets with the ability to draw
in the budget line of all
devices released in 2015 the price of
gadget for online shopping in the city
Moscow according to the version of yandex market it
the beginning of August 2015 ranged from 16
a thousand and a half rubles
thanks for watching me forget
subscribe to the channel put big
thumbs up and also visit more often
mobe drive.ru
Daily there we will publish a lot
interesting news from the world of gadgets
technologies and wholly, and so much yet
skip bye bye